sourced from https://medium.com/@bluemagnificent/intro-to-javascript-3d-physics-using-ammo-js-and-three-js-dd48df81f591

-Each rigid body needs to reference a collision shape. 
The collision shape is for collisions only, and thus has no concept of mass, inertia, restitution, etc. 
If you have many bodies that use the same collision shape [eg every spaceship in your simulation is a 5-unit-radius sphere], 
it is good practice to have only one Bullet (ammo.js) collision shape, and share it among all those bodies

- if we want a rigid body to be static (ie, not move by any forces), we set the mass to 0 (then it has infinite mass)

-  we loop through the rigidBodies array for each threejs object in it we get its associated ammo.js rigid body, 
obtain the world transform, apply the obtained transform to the transform of the threejs object

- we use collision filtering to select which sets of objects collides and which sets don’t.

- ensure collisions are reflected in both objects involved. eg, we have rigid bodies A and B. 
In the function 'create_A()', we set it to collide with B. 
However, in the function create_B(), we do not set it to collide with A. Then when A collides with B, A will go through B.

- 3 types of joints - point-to-point (like elbow), hinge (like door), slider (like sliding door), cone-twist (useful for ragdoll)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MOTION 

- There are 3 different types of objects in Bullet
Dynamic (moving) rigidbodies: positive mass, every simulation frame the dynamics will update its world transform.
Static rigidbodies: zero mass, cannot move but just collide.
Kinematic rigidbodies: zero mass, can be animated by the user, but there will be only one way interaction: dynamic objects will be pushed away but there is no influence from dynamic objects.

- DISABLE_DEACTIVATION - When a rigid body is no longer participating in dynamic interaction in the physics world, 
ammojs deactivates it. In this deactivated state we won’t be able to apply force to it. 
To stop this from happening set the activation state for the rigid body to STATE.DISABLE_DEACTIVATION.

Kinematic rigid body: If you plan to animate or move static objects, you should flag them as kinematic. 
                    Also disable the sleeping/deactivation for them during the animation.
                    Not affected by any force (like gravity) from physical world
                    A good example of where a kinematic object would be useful, as stated earlier above, is a floating block that would ferry a player across a dangerous sea of lava unto a safe section of the game.

There are three types of physics objects: “dynamic”, “static” & “kinematic”. 
Static objects, shouldn’t move and are the simplest and most efficient try to use static objects where possible. 
Kinematic objects are like static objects but you can move them around. 
Dynamic objects are the objects in your scene which get moved by the physics system itself and what you think of most with physics systems. These are expensive so try to keep their shapes simple.

kinematic vs dynamic - dynamic is affected by world physics; kinematic is not
